Munchies
An app created for the indecisive foodie. You can search for a nearby restaurant or cafe and read various reviews as well as write your own reviews.
User Stories
1. A user can view restaurants based on their area or a specific cuisine they’re looking for
2. A user can bookmark restaurants to visit later
3. A user can read reviews under each restaurant and write their own reviews
4. Each restaurant has a menu for the user to view
5. A user can rate a restaurant from a scale of one to five stars


Story 1
“A user can view restaurants based on their area or a specific cuisine they’re looking for”
1. A user logs in to the app using their name and password.
2. A successful login will lead the user to the homepage where they can enter a specific location or dish into the search bar
3. A list of results will be shown to the user along with their rating according to other users


Story 2
“A user can bookmark restaurants to visit later”
1. On a specific restaurant, the user has a special bookmark option. 
2. Once clicked, the restaurant will be added to a list of bookmarked restaurants that the user can view later. 
3. Bookmarking a restaurant gives the user special access to specials and promotions. 


Story 3
“A user can read reviews under each restaurant and write their own”
1. On a specific restaurant, a user can scroll down to view reviews from other users 
2. The user can also write reviews for a restaurant of their choice. 


Story 4
“Each restaurant has a menu for the user to view”
1. On a restaurant’s page, the user can view the menu without physically going to the restaurant. 


Story 5
“A user can rate a restaurant from a scale of one to five stars”
1. On a restaurant’s page, the user can rate a restaurant from a scale of one to five stars
2. The rating will be seen by other users and an average rating is listed alongside the restaurant  


Views for Munchies
* Login page
* Home page
* Results page
* Restaurant page
* Bookmarked restaurants list